so let's just start things off um so how
did you start how did you come up with
this idea the whole idea about cheap
honesty came about when I love potatoes
I love chips different types of chips so
I said I'm walking around the show I
don't want to hold I want one hand free
and I just want to hold something in one
hand if you get a bucket of chips he's
going to use two hands so he said hang
on how do we put it on a stick
everything famous comes on a stick so we
said let's put a potato on a stick and
the best way to do that was to have a
chip on a stick so we formulated this
idea of how do we put one old potato I
said if you put a whole potato is gonna
one cook so we said let's make it into a
spiral type thing and that's when the
whole concept of chip on a stick was
born do you think you'll be able to
teach me how to make it very easy all
you do is put the potato in the needle
press it in now keep on going that's it
put it in the machine press it in then
you just turn it keep on turning it
this is very simple very easy very easy
and then when it is very Livi that stops
there you go the potato comes out you
take the bamboo skewer poke it in and
now with one hand hold the potato and
just twist it back and forth back and
forth and there we have it a chip on a
stick today make it in any other
countries you think they do now is
they've started now after we started
doing the chip on a stick a lot of
people have started doing it because
it's so popular so famous and it's
coming up in all all over the world now
different areas so we dip them in our
special batter
once they come out of the better they're
going our fryer
three minutes to cook to get that
perfect Brown perfect brown color on
them they were cooked inside how long
how long have you guys been at the
Easter Show for doing this this would be
our third year we're doing chip on a
stick and as you can see from the the
queues we have it is very popular so
everybody loves the product once they
come out that's a really cheap on a
stick ready to serve and what do we do
is we'll put the different flavors on
there now how many do you sell a day do
you think Oh thousands thousands it's
been very popular to show this year in
the last couple of years and it's a
must-have for the show chip on a stick
everybody loves the chip on a stick we
have a lovely selection of flavors we
can put on that's the chicken salt I'm
putting on we've got special milk mix we
got a Saturday we got the salt we got
chili lemon pepper how many stores do
you guys have at the Easter Show this
year we've got two stores ones on Grand
Parade opposite the Wood chop and ones
on I ran a parade where the animals are
around the back there and as you can see
already we got plenty of lines waiting
for a chip on a stick